added metamask info (#316)
Consensys/doc.zk-evm: docs/build-on-linea/gas-fees.md

 2. We don't mine a transaction if `gasPrice` or `maxPriorityFeePerGas` is lower than a given value that fluctuates over time.

> To ensure that your transaction gets included by the sequencer, we recommend using EIP-1559 with the following settings for non-MetaMask users:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that your transaction gets included by the sequencer, we recommend that non-MetaMask users use EIP-1559 with the following settings:
```

Reviewer: "users use" is not ideal but I think the order of the sentence does need to change to improve flow. I tried a few other options but this was the one I was most comfortable with

> - maxBaseFee = 1.35 * previousBlockMaxBaseFee (equivalent to medium setting on MetaMask)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- maxBaseFee = 1.35 * previousBlockMaxBaseFee (equivalent to the medium ("Market") setting on MetaMask)
```
